Change UInt64-Base10 (#99)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-33d-multi-purpose-tokens/reference/mptoken.md

| LedgerEntryType   | number    | UInt16        | The value 0x007F, mapped to the string `MPToken`, indicates that this object describes an individual account's holding of an MPT. |
| `Account`           | string    | AccountID     | The owner of the MPT. |
| `MPTokenIssuanceID` | string    | UInt256       | The `MPTokenIssuance` identifier. |

> | `MPTAmount`         | string    | Base10        | This value specifies a positive amount of tokens currently held by the owner. Valid values for this field are between 0 and 18,446,744,073,709,551,615. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MPTAmount`         | string    | Base10        | This value specifies a positive amount of tokens currently held by the owner. Valid values for this field are between 0 and 9,223,372,036,854,775,807. |
```

Should be the largest 63 bit integer, which is 9,223,372,036,854,775,807. Apologies this might due to a typo back then in the spec.

> | `MPTAmount`         | string    | Base10        | This value specifies a positive amount of tokens currently held by the owner. Valid values for this field are between 0x0 and 18,446,744,073,709,551,615. |

Reviewer 2: The internal type is still UInt64 (unsigned integer, 64 bits), but what's changing is the way it's written to JSON. Instead of being a hexadecimal string, it'll be a base-10 number (i.e. the typical way we're used to writing numbers) quoted as a string, [a format the XRPL already uses in other contexts like XRP amounts](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/data-types/currency-formats#string-numbers).

Also, the prefix `0x` implies hexadecimal, so you should write `0` instead of `0x0`, and the maximum value is probably best written as 2<sup>64</sup>-1 (tip: you can use `<sup>` for superscripts) although I'm not sure it's strictly necessary to explain the valid range in this case since the valid range is exactly the range of numbers that can be represented in a 64-bit unsigned int, which programmers should be able to figure out from "UInt64" if they need to.

Also, as a nitpick, zero isn't a "positive amount".

```suggestion
| `MPTAmount`         | String - Number   | UInt64        | This value specifies the amount of tokens currently held by the owner, as a quoted integer. |
```

> | `MPTAmount`         | string    | Base10        | This value specifies a positive amount of tokens currently held by the owner. Valid values for this field are between 0x0 and 18,446,744,073,709,551,615. |

Reviewer 3: @shawnxie999 any opinions on the internal name type here?  should it be `Amount` or `Base10`?

Reviewer 2: If it's not one of the types in the [type list](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/binary-format#type-list) then either it's new and will need to be added to that list, or it's named wrong.

I think the internal type is still UInt64 but maybe I'm wrong on that and it's actually the [new STNumber type](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/pull/5121)?

Reviewer 4: Internal type is still UInt64. The base-10 serialization is special-cased for a few [fields](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/pull/5143/files#diff-2ed7b91d9113cc839eab5e56e31cc3c3501a89763745d5491e3c46791d44247bR208-R213).

Reviewer: it should remain UInt64

> | `LockedAmount`      | string    | Base10       | (Default) Specifies a positive amount of tokens that are currently held in a token holder's account but that are unavailable to be used by the token holder. Locked tokens might, for example, represent value currently being held in escrow, or value that is otherwise inaccessible to the token holder. The initial value is 0 in order to save space on the ledger for an empty MPT holding. |

Reviewer 2: The internal type hasn't changed here either, just the way it's serialized to JSON

```suggestion
| `LockedAmount`      | string    | UInt64       | (Default) Specifies a positive amount of tokens that are currently held in a token holder's account but that are unavailable to be used by the token holder. Locked tokens might, for example, represent value currently being held in escrow, or value that is otherwise inaccessible to the token holder. The initial value is 0 in order to save space on the ledger for an empty MPT holding. |
```

Reviewer: Yes, the internal type shouldn't be changed. We should instead state that the field is base 10 in the description
